(Short version with 4 levels)

Level 1 intro:
	Long ago, there was once a wizard named Wonk.
	He was an old man that was known across the land for being a strange behaving alcoholic.
	Wonk lived as a recluse in the woods in a tower that he constructed with magic.
	He enjoyed spending most of his time observing nature, creating new spells and potions, and getting drunk.
	One day Wonk came up with an idea that he thought was brilliant.
	He wanted to try to create a hallucinogenic vodka.
	A special and rare type of plant called shroom-tatoes would be required to create this drink though.
	Luckily, Wonk had a shroom-tato farm in his tower that he would harvest from to experiment with recipes for this new drink.
	Unfortunately, during one of his attempts he accidentally burned down his entire shroom-tato farm.
	This was quite an inconvenience for Wonk since the only other person in the land who owned a shroom-tato farm was a man named Tim the Enchanter.
	Wonk knew that Tim would not let him have any shroom-tatoes however since shroom-tatoes were believed to have the potential to create dangerously powerful magic, and Tim didn't trust Wonk because of his drunkeness.
	So naturally, Wonk decided the best course of action was to attempt to steal some shroom-tatoes from Tim.
	Wonk would need a potion of invisibility to be able to sneak into Tim's lair, and he needed a recipe for that potion in order to make it.
	Wonk wrote a letter to send to the nearest library in a town called Farenhold via pigeon asking them if they had a tome that contained a recipe for a potion of invisibility.
	Wonk drunkenly wrote the letter to say:
		"Dear Libary of Farenhold,
			
			Do you have a copy of a tome?
			I need it to make a poton of
			invincibility so I can take
			something from this great, 
			big, mean, goblin that I know.
			Do you know if you have this?
			If you don't, can you tell me
			where I can acuire one?
		
		Thank you :)
		- Wonk the Wizard"
	In the middle of the pigeon's journey to the library of Farenhold, a pair of Goblin hunters shot it down for food.
	They read the letter attatched to the pigeon and assumed it meant that Wonk was going to attempt to steal treasure from and kill their leader, The Great Gob, with a potion of invincibility.
	They rushed back to their Goblin hideout to bring this letter to their leader.
	After reading this letter from the hunters, The Great Gob became furious and declared an all out attack on Wonk the Wizard to try to kill him and stop him from getting a potion of invincibility.
	On the way to Wonk's tower, the Goblin army activated a magic tripwire that Wonk had laying throughout the wood surrounding his house and telepathically alerted Wonk of the incoming army.
	Wonk then began to fortify his house by summoning things and prepared to defend himself and his tower from the invading army.

Level 1 ourto:
	After Wonk finished off the last of the Goblins in the attack, he wondered why they attacked for a moment.
	That thought quickly lost his attention though after finding no answer and he decided to go directly the the Library of Farenhold since they had been taking a while to reply to his letter.
	He then fortified his house with summons, and journeyed off.

Level 2 intro:
	After a several day journey, Wonk arrived at the library of Farenhold.
	He asked the librarian if they had any tomes that contained a recipe for a potion of invisibility.
	The librarian recognized Wonk by his drunken behavior and refused service to him.
	The librarian then kicked Wonk out of the library as he did not want to have an irresponsible wizard browsing through potentially dangerous information.
	Just as soon as Wonk stepped back outside, he heard a loud bell begin to ring throughout the town.
	Guards then began to shout to all of the townspeople that they should seek shelter as a Goblin invasion was on its way.

Level 2 outro:
	After fending off the Goblin invasion on Farenhold, the librarian finds Wonk and thanks him for saving the library.
	The librarian then says that out of gratitude, he will tell Wonk the location of a tome that contains a recipe for a potion of invisibility.
	The librarian says that he sold it to an echanter named Tim.
	Wonk couldn't believe that Tim the enchanter had the tome as well as the shroom-tatoes.
	He decided to go to Tim directly and just try asking him for the shroom-tatoes.

Level 3 intro:
	Wonk arrived at Tim the Echanter's lair after serveral days of journeying.
	He ased Tim if he can borrow a shroom-tato.
	Tim asked why and Wonk admitted that he burnt his down.
	Tim refused to give Wonk any shroom-tatoes since he couldn't even manage his own farm.
	Wonk then asked if he can borrow Tim's tome of invisibility.
	Tim then got annoyed at Wonk for making such a stupid attempt at trying to steal shroom-tatoes from him right after being denied from borrowing any.
	All of a sudden, Tim detected an army of goblins approaching.

Level 3 outro:
	After defeating the goblin army, Tim asked Wonk if he knew why an army of goblins attacked his lair.
	Wonk said he did not know.
	Tim then searched the body of The Great Gob and found Wonk's letter to the library of Farenhold asking for a tome with a recipe for a potion of invisibility.
	Tim then became furious that Wonk baited an army of goblins to his house.
	Tim then revealed to Wonk that the tome of invisibility that he owned actually was a tome for a potion of invincibility, and that the person who initially gave it to the librarian in Farenhold had mistranslated it, as it was written in an ancient language.
	Tim then threatened to kill Wonk for his incompetence.
	But Wonk, thinking quickly, pulled an ace out of sleeve to escape: rocket jumping away with fireballs.
	Wonk blasted himself away with the force of a fireball and passed out.

Level 4 intro:
	After waking up, Wonk found himself in the middle of the forest.
	He knew he had to get back to his tower so he wouldn't be exposed in the middle of nowhere and so he could protect his belongings from Tim, as he knew that Tim would try to hunt him down.
	Wonk found his way back to his tower, and fortified the area.
	A few days later, one of his magic tripwires alerted him to an army of zombie goblins that Tim had likely been raised from the dead by Tim...

Level 4 outro:
	After defeating Tim the Enchanter, Wonk was baffled by what had just happened.
	Wonk contemplated what to do next, and ultimately he just decided to carry on and pretend like it never happened.
	He journeyed back to Tim's lair to acquire some shroom-tatoes like he had originally planned, but he couldn't find the tome of invincibility.
	Wonk assumed that it had likely been destroyed by Tim, so he went back to his home to continue experimenting with hallucinogenic vodka.
	The end :)